Added Python Documentation (#128)
spokestack/spokestack-website: content/docs/Python/speech-pipeline.md

When the pipeline is passively listening, a single frame of audio flows through each component of the pipeline. The default frame size is 20ms, but can be configured. This audio does not leave the device. The pipeline is waiting until a trigger sets the `SpeechContext` to `active`. Most likely, the trigger will be either `WakewordTrigger` or `VoiceActivityTrigger`, but every trigger class will contain `Trigger` in the name.

## How do I set it up?

```python
from spokestack.pipeline import SpeechPipeline
from spokestack.io.pyaudio import PyAudioInput
from spokestack.vad.webrtc import VoiceActivityDetector
from spokestack.wakeword.tflite import WakewordTrigger
from spokestack.asr.spokestack.speech_recognizer import SpeechRecognizer

pipeline = SpeechPipeline(
    PyAudioInput(),
    [
        VoiceActivityDetector(),
        WakewordTrigger("path_to_tflite_model"),
        SpeechRecognizer("spokestack_id", "spokestack_secret"),
    ],
)

pipeline.start()
```

### Speech Event Callbacks

> The `SpeechPipeline` offers the ability to execute code based on events that occur within the pipeline. These callbacks are initialized with the `@pipeline.event` [decorator](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0318/). All callbacks should follow the naming convention of `on_{event}`. A basic callback that prints the ASR transcript to console is given below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SpeechPipeline` offers the ability to execute code based on events that occur within the pipeline. These callbacks are registered with the `@pipeline.event` [decorator](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0318/). All callbacks should follow the naming convention of `on_{event}`. A basic callback that prints the ASR transcript to console is given below.
```

I'd either document the alternative of passing `name` to the decorator or remove support for it in the code.

Reviewer: Also, there needs to be a list of available events somewhere. In Android, the events are in an enum, so they're available via the [API reference](https://www.javadoc.io/doc/io.spokestack/spokestack-android/latest/io/spokestack/spokestack/SpeechContext.Event.html), but unless I've missed it, these aren't documented in the Python library itself.

```python
@pipeline.event
def on_recognize(context):
    print(context.transcript)
```

> ### Use a Profile (Optional)

Reviewer 2: I would use the Profile interface as your default example, and move the stage interface to this optional section instead. Or even just move it to a Cookbook or something, imo nobody wants to deal with stages when profiles are available instead.

Author: Thanks for pointing this out. I will carry this over to the tutorials.

> Profiles are preset configurations for the `SpeechPipeline` that bundle input and stage classes into an easy-to-use wrapper. All profiles are designed to be initialized with only one line.

Reviewer: I actually missed the addition of this feature. Nice.

Just like the pipeline events, there should ideally be a list of pipeline profiles and brief descriptions somewhere. Maybe readthedocs covers this.

```python
from spokestack.profile.wakeword_asr import WakewordSpokestackASR

pipeline = WakewordSpokestackASR.create(
    "spokestack_id", "spokestack_secret", model_dir="path_to_tflite_model"
)
```

## Other methods

> There are a few other methods available to the `SpeechPipeline` which control the flow of information through the pipeline. All of these methods are accessible through callbacks. However, `pause` and `resume` are designed to be used as a temporary stop of the audio flow while other computation is being performed, and can be called multiple times throughout the life of the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few other methods available to the `SpeechPipeline` which control the flow of information through the pipeline. All of these methods are accessible through callbacks. However, `pause` and `resume` are designed to be used to temporarily stop the flow of audio while other computation is being performed, and can be called multiple times throughout the life of the pipeline.
```

I'm a little confused by the "methods are accessible through callbacks" wording. What's the intended use of a pipeline method in a callback?

You might add " (e.g., to stop the pipeline from processing audio while TTS audio is playing)" after "other computation is being performed", though you might also consider adding events that signal the start/stop of automatic playback to make this usage a little easier.

Author: that should have been changed to "event handler"

### Stop

> The stop method is a permanent stop of the pipeline and should be called when closing the application using the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `stop` method is a permanent stop of the pipeline and should be called when closing the application using the pipeline.
```

```python
pipeline.stop()
```

### Start

> The start methods initializes the pipeline and must always be called first before audio can be read into the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `start` method initializes the pipeline and must always be called first before audio can be read from the input device.
```

```python
pipeline.start()
```

### Pause

> The pause method is a temporary stop of the pipeline flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pause` method is a temporary stop of the pipeline flow.
```

```python
pipeline.pause()
```

### Resume

> The resume method should be called after every pause to restart the audio flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the pipeline is paused, `resume` must be called to restart the audio flow.
```

pipeline.start()
```

### Speech Event Handlers

> The `SpeechPipeline` offers the ability to execute code based on events that occur within the pipeline. These handlers are registered with the `@pipeline.event` [decorator](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0318/). Handlers can follow the naming convention of `on_{event}` or pass the `name` argument to the decorator. A basic handler that prints the ASR transcript to console, for both conventions, is given below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SpeechPipeline` offers the ability to execute code based on events that occur within the pipeline. These handlers are registered with the `@pipeline.event` [decorator](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0318/). Handlers can follow the naming convention of `on_{event}` or pass the `name` argument to the decorator, using the name of a pipeline event as its value. A basic handler that prints the ASR transcript to console, for both conventions, is given below.
```

```python
@pipeline.event
def on_recognize(context):
    print(context.transcript)

> @pipeline.event(name="get_transcript")

Reviewer: Wouldn't this be
```suggestion
@pipeline.event(name="recognize")
```

Author: I will check on this, but iirc the `name` argument is the name of the function not the name of the event. so in the `def on_recognize` case, `name` is the function name passed to the decorator.

Reviewer: [The method doc](https://github.com/spokestack/spokestack-python/blob/master/spokestack/context.py#L36) mentions the name of the handler, but all the call sites for that method pass event names, meaning that `self.handlers` would have to have keys that match the events.

Reviewer: If the name of the function were required, you wouldn't need to pass it to the decorator; you should be able to access that name inside the decorator itself.

Author: > [The method doc](https://github.com/spokestack/spokestack-python/blob/master/spokestack/context.py#L36) mentions the name of the handler, but all the call sites for that method pass event names, meaning that `self.handlers` would have to have keys that match the events.

this is the event in SpeechContext and not what we are using to decorate the event handlers.
https://github.com/spokestack/spokestack-python/blob/55e61ba23699d5ed376427ce86ae5dc735f6805b/spokestack/pipeline.py#L85

Reviewer: Right, but the decorator you linked calls `add_handler` in `SpeechContext`, storing either the value of `name` or the fn name minus "on_" in the handler map. That map is then queried when an actual event happens—the name of that event has to be a key in `self.handlers` in order for the function associated with it to be called.

This actually brings up another potential problem with the design, depending on the use case: You can only register one function for a given pipeline event. `add_handler` has the semantics of `set_handler`.

Author: I think this PR should focus on what is currently there and not what should be there. If you have problems with the python library, we can fix those, then update the docs.

Reviewer: Totally; the second paragraph was just to spur thought about the library. The rest is still relevant, as we want to make sure we're describing the right thing.

def get_transcript(context):
    print(context.transcript)
```

There are several speech events available:

- `recognize`: occurs when the ASR completes recognition.
- `partial_recognize`: occurs during ASR recognition when partial transcripts are received.

> - `activate`: occurs when `SpeechContext` is activated.

Reviewer: "Activated" is a bit of inside baseball. We need to tell people what this means.
```suggestion
- `activate`: occurs when the pipeline's `SpeechContext` is activated (when ASR transcription begins).
```

> - `deactivate`: occurs when `SpeechContext` is deactivated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `deactivate`: occurs when the pipeline's `SpeechContext` is deactivated (when transcription stops).
```

> - `step`: occurs when a single frame is processed by the pipeline.

Reviewer: (Comment on the code, not the docs)

This is a pretty chatty event...and it fires even when the pipeline's paused. I'm skeptical of its overall usefulness. The other libraries have `timeout` and `error` events that would be good to have in Python.

Author: `timeout` is actually there, but I missed adding it to the list.

## Other methods

There are a few other methods available to the `SpeechPipeline` which control the flow of information through the pipeline. All of these methods are accessible through callbacks. However, `pause` and `resume` are designed to be used as a temporary stop of the audio flow while other computation is being performed, and can be called multiple times throughout the life of the pipeline.

### Stop

The `stop` method is a permanent stop of the pipeline and should be called when closing the application using the pipeline.

```python
pipeline.stop()
```

### Start

> The `start` methods initializes the pipeline and must always be called first before audio can be read into the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `start` method initializes the pipeline and must be called before audio can be read into the pipeline.
```
